Add document about local ssh (#3800)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/blog/vscode-desktop-ssh-updates.md

title: 'VS Code Desktop and SSH explained'
---

> > **Note:** We has updated our way to connect in VS Code Desktop. [Learn more](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode#connecting-to-vs-code-desktop)

Reviewer: Small type "we has", small suggestion: 

```suggestion
> **Note:** There have been some updates to VS Code Desktop connections since this post was published. See the [VS Code Desktop](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode#connecting-to-vs-code-desktop) documentation for more.
```
